Readme.md, before:

react-native-fbads [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-fbads.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-fbads) <img src="https://david-dm.org/callstack-io/react-native-fbads.svg" /> <img src="https://david-dm.org/callstack-io/react-native-fbads/dev-status.svg?v=1" />
============

[![Facebook Ads](http://i.imgur.com/yH3s6rd.png)](https://developers.facebook.com/products/app-monetization)

**Facebook Audience SDK** integration for React Native, available on iOS and Android.

Features:
- [X] Native Ads
- [ ] Interstitial Ads
- [ ] Banner Ads

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Install Javascript packages](#1-install-javascript-packages)
  - [Configure native projects](#2-configure-native-projects)
    - [iOS](#21-ios)
    - [Android](#22-android)
- [Usage](#usage)
   - [Native Ads](#native-ads)
      - [1. Creating AdsManager](#1-creating-adsmanager)
      - [2. Making ad component](#2-making-ad-component)
      - [3. Rendering an ad](#3-rendering-an-ad)
- [API](#api)
    - [NativeAdsManager](#nativeadsmanager)
      - [disableAutoRefresh](#disableautorefresh)
      - [setMediaCachePolicy](#setmediacachepolicy)
    - [AdSettings](#adsettings)
      - [addTestDevice](#addtestdevice)
      - [clearTestDevices](#cleartestdevices)
      - [setLogLevel](#setloglevel)
      - [setIsChildDirected](#setischilddirected)
      - [setMediationService](#setmediationservice)
      - [setUrlPrefix](#seturlprefix)
- [Running example](#running-example)
   - [Install dependencies](#1-install-dependencies)
   - [Start packager](#2-start-packager)
   - [Run it on iOS / Android](#3-run-it-on-ios--android)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation

### 1. Install Javascript packages

Install JavaScript packages:

```bash
$ react-native install react-native-fbads
```

### 2. Configure native projects

The react-native-fbads has been automatically linked for you, the next step will be downloading and linking the native Facebook SDK for both platforms.

#### 2.1 iOS

Make sure you have the latest Xcode installed. Open the .xcodeproj in Xcode found in the ios subfolder from your project's root directory. Now, follow all the steps in the [Getting Started Guide for Facebook SDK](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios/getting-started) for iOS. Along with FBSDKCoreKit.framework, don't forget to import FBAudienceNetwork.framework.

Next, **follow steps 1 and 3** from the [Getting Started Guide for Facebook Audience](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/getting-started). Once you have created the `placement id`, write it down and continue to next section.

#### 2.2. Android

If you are using [`react-native-fbsdk`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native-fbsdk) you can follow their installation instructions. Otherwise, please follow official [Getting Started Guide for Facebook SDK](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android/getting-started).

## Usage

For detailed usage please check `examples` folder.

### Native Ads

Native Ad is a type of an ad that matches the form and function of your React Native interface.

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2464966/18811079/52c99932-829e-11e6-9a3d-218569d71a6d.png" height="500" />

#### 1. Creating AdsManager

In order to start rendering your custom native ads within your app, you have to construct
a `NativeAdManager` that is responsible for caching and fetching ads as you request them.

```js
import { NativeAdsManager } from 'react-native-fbads';

const adsManager = new NativeAdsManager(placementId, numberOfAdsToRequest);
```

The constructor accepts two parameters:
- `placementId` - which is an unique identifier describing your ad units,
- `numberOfAdsToRequest` - which is a number of ads to request by ads manager at a time

#### 2. Making ad component

After creating `adsManager` instance, next step is to wrap an arbitrary component that you want to
use for rendering your custom advertises with a `withNativeAd` wrapper.

It's a higher order component that passes `nativeAd` via props to a wrapped component allowing
you to actually render an ad!

```js
class AdComponent extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View>
        <Text>{this.props.nativeAd.description}</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

export default withNativeAd(AdComponent);
```

For full details on the `nativeAd` object, please check flowtype definitions [here](https://github.com/callstack-io/react-native-fbads/blob/master/src/types.js)

#### 3. Rendering an ad

Finally, you can render your wrapped component from previous step and pass it `adsManager`
of your choice.

```js
class MainApp extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View>
        <AdComponent adsManager={adsManager} />
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

## API

### NativeAdsManager

Provides a mechanism to fetch a set of ads and then use them within your application. The native ads manager supports giving out as many ads as needed by cloning over the set of ads it got back from the server which can be useful for feed scenarios. It's a wrapper for [`FBNativeAdsManager`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/ios/current/class/FBNativeAdsManager/)

#### disableAutoRefresh

By default the native ads manager will refresh its ads periodically. This does not mean that any ads which are shown in the application's UI will be refreshed but simply that requesting next native ads to render may return new ads at different times. This method disables that functionality.

```js
adsManager.disableAutoRefresh();
```

#### setMediaCachePolicy

Sets the native ads manager caching policy. This controls which media from the native ads are cached before being displayed. The default is to not block on caching.

```js
adsManager.setMediaCachePolicy('none' | 'icon' | 'image' | 'all');
```

**Note:** This method is a noop on Android

### AdSettings

```js
import { AdSettings } from 'react-native-fbads';
```

AdSettings contains global settings for all ad controls.

#### addTestDevice

Registers given device to receive test ads. When you run app on simulator, it automatically gets added. Use it
to receive test ads in development mode on a standalone phone. Hash of the current device can be obtained from a
debug log.

All devices should be specified before any other action takes place, like [`AdsManager`](#nativeadsmanager) gets created.

```js
AdSettings.addTestDevice('hash');
```

#### clearTestDevices

Clears all previously set test devices. If you want your ads to respect newly set config, you'll have to destroy and create
an instance of AdsManager once again.

```js
AdSettings.clearTestDevices();
```

#### setLogLevel

Sets current SDK log level. 

```js
AdSettings.setLogLevel('none' | 'debug' | 'verbose' | 'warning' | 'error' | 'notification');
```

**Note:** This method is a noop on Android.

#### setIsChildDirected

Configures the ad control for treatment as child-directed.

```js
AdSettings.setIsChildDirected(true | false);
```

#### setMediationService

If an ad provided service is mediating Audience Network in their sdk, it is required to set the name of the mediation service

```js
AdSettings.setMediationService('foobar');
```

#### setUrlPrefix

Sets the url prefix to use when making ad requests.

```js
AdSettings.setUrlPrefix('...');
```

**Note:** This method should never be used in production

## Running example

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
$ npm install
```

### 2. Start packager

Because of the way example project is set up (custom packager arguments), you'll
have to start it explicitly before any other command

```bash
$ cd ./example && npm start
```

### 3. Run it on iOS / Android

```bash
$ cd ./example && npm run ios
$ cd ./examples && npm run android
```

### Credits

Some of the API explanations where borrowed from Facebook SDK documentation.

Commit message:

InterstitialAds (#10)
* Add iOS implementation

* Add example and test call

* Tweaks

* Fix readme

* Update API

* Simplify

* Rename example

* Fix readme

Readme.md, after:

react-native-fbads [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-fbads.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-fbads) <img src="https://david-dm.org/callstack-io/react-native-fbads.svg" /> <img src="https://david-dm.org/callstack-io/react-native-fbads/dev-status.svg?v=1" />
============

[![Facebook Ads](http://i.imgur.com/yH3s6rd.png)](https://developers.facebook.com/products/app-monetization)

**Facebook Audience SDK** integration for React Native, available on iOS and Android.

Features:
- [X] Native Ads
- [ ] Interstitial Ads
- [ ] Banner Ads

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Install Javascript packages](#1-install-javascript-packages)
  - [Configure native projects](#2-configure-native-projects)
    - [iOS](#21-ios)
    - [Android](#22-android)
- [Usage](#usage)
   - [Native Ads](#native-ads)
      - [1. Creating AdsManager](#1-creating-adsmanager)
      - [2. Making ad component](#2-making-ad-component)
      - [3. Rendering an ad](#3-rendering-an-ad)
- [API](#api)
    - [NativeAdsManager](#nativeadsmanager)
      - [disableAutoRefresh](#disableautorefresh)
      - [setMediaCachePolicy](#setmediacachepolicy)
    - [InterstitialAdManager](#interstitialadmanager)
      - [showAd](#showad)
    - [AdSettings](#adsettings)
      - [addTestDevice](#addtestdevice)
      - [clearTestDevices](#cleartestdevices)
      - [setLogLevel](#setloglevel)
      - [setIsChildDirected](#setischilddirected)
      - [setMediationService](#setmediationservice)
      - [setUrlPrefix](#seturlprefix)
- [Running example](#running-example)
   - [Install dependencies](#1-install-dependencies)
   - [Start packager](#2-start-packager)
   - [Run it on iOS / Android](#3-run-it-on-ios--android)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation

### 1. Install Javascript packages

Install JavaScript packages:

```bash
$ react-native install react-native-fbads
```

### 2. Configure native projects

The react-native-fbads has been automatically linked for you, the next step will be downloading and linking the native Facebook SDK for both platforms.

#### 2.1 iOS

Make sure you have the latest Xcode installed. Open the .xcodeproj in Xcode found in the ios subfolder from your project's root directory. Now, follow all the steps in the [Getting Started Guide for Facebook SDK](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios/getting-started) for iOS. Along with FBSDKCoreKit.framework, don't forget to import FBAudienceNetwork.framework.

Next, **follow steps 1 and 3** from the [Getting Started Guide for Facebook Audience](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/getting-started). Once you have created the `placement id`, write it down and continue to next section.

#### 2.2. Android

If you are using [`react-native-fbsdk`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native-fbsdk) you can follow their installation instructions. Otherwise, please follow official [Getting Started Guide for Facebook SDK](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android/getting-started).

## Usage

For detailed usage please check `examples` folder.

### Native Ads

Native Ad is a type of an ad that matches the form and function of your React Native interface.

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2464966/18811079/52c99932-829e-11e6-9a3d-218569d71a6d.png" height="500" />

#### 1. Creating AdsManager

In order to start rendering your custom native ads within your app, you have to construct
a `NativeAdManager` that is responsible for caching and fetching ads as you request them.

```js
import { NativeAdsManager } from 'react-native-fbads';

const adsManager = new NativeAdsManager(placementId, numberOfAdsToRequest);
```

The constructor accepts two parameters:
- `placementId` - which is an unique identifier describing your ad units,
- `numberOfAdsToRequest` - which is a number of ads to request by ads manager at a time

#### 2. Making ad component

After creating `adsManager` instance, next step is to wrap an arbitrary component that you want to
use for rendering your custom advertises with a `withNativeAd` wrapper.

It's a higher order component that passes `nativeAd` via props to a wrapped component allowing
you to actually render an ad!

```js
class AdComponent extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View>
        <Text>{this.props.nativeAd.description}</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

export default withNativeAd(AdComponent);
```

For full details on the `nativeAd` object, please check flowtype definitions [here](https://github.com/callstack-io/react-native-fbads/blob/master/src/types.js)

#### 3. Rendering an ad

Finally, you can render your wrapped component from previous step and pass it `adsManager`
of your choice.

```js
class MainApp extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View>
        <AdComponent adsManager={adsManager} />
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

## API

### NativeAdsManager

Provides a mechanism to fetch a set of ads and then use them within your application. The native ads manager supports giving out as many ads as needed by cloning over the set of ads it got back from the server which can be useful for feed scenarios. It's a wrapper for [`FBNativeAdsManager`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/ios/current/class/FBNativeAdsManager/)

#### disableAutoRefresh

By default the native ads manager will refresh its ads periodically. This does not mean that any ads which are shown in the application's UI will be refreshed but simply that requesting next native ads to render may return new ads at different times. This method disables that functionality.

```js
adsManager.disableAutoRefresh();
```

#### setMediaCachePolicy

Sets the native ads manager caching policy. This controls which media from the native ads are cached before being displayed. The default is to not block on caching.

```js
adsManager.setMediaCachePolicy('none' | 'icon' | 'image' | 'all');
```

**Note:** This method is a noop on Android

### InterstitialAdManager

```js
import { InterstitialAdManager } from 'react-native-fbads';
```

InterstitialAdManager is a manager that allows you to display interstitial ads within your app with a single call.

#### showAd

Loads an interstitial ad asynchronously and shows it full screen by attaching a view onto the current root view
controller. 

```js
InterstitialAdManager.showAd('placementId')
  .then(...)
  .catch(...);
```

Promise will be rejected when there's an error loading ads from Facebook Audience network. It will resolve with a 
`boolean` indicating whether user didClick an ad or not.

**Note:** There can be only one `showAd` call being performed at a time. Otherwise, an error will be thrown.

### AdSettings

```js
import { AdSettings } from 'react-native-fbads';
```

AdSettings contains global settings for all ad controls.

#### addTestDevice

Registers given device to receive test ads. When you run app on simulator, it automatically gets added. Use it
to receive test ads in development mode on a standalone phone. Hash of the current device can be obtained from a
debug log.

All devices should be specified before any other action takes place, like [`AdsManager`](#nativeadsmanager) gets created.

```js
AdSettings.addTestDevice('hash');
```

#### clearTestDevices

Clears all previously set test devices. If you want your ads to respect newly set config, you'll have to destroy and create
an instance of AdsManager once again.

```js
AdSettings.clearTestDevices();
```

#### setLogLevel

Sets current SDK log level. 

```js
AdSettings.setLogLevel('none' | 'debug' | 'verbose' | 'warning' | 'error' | 'notification');
```

**Note:** This method is a noop on Android.

#### setIsChildDirected

Configures the ad control for treatment as child-directed.

```js
AdSettings.setIsChildDirected(true | false);
```

#### setMediationService

If an ad provided service is mediating Audience Network in their sdk, it is required to set the name of the mediation service

```js
AdSettings.setMediationService('foobar');
```

#### setUrlPrefix

Sets the url prefix to use when making ad requests.

```js
AdSettings.setUrlPrefix('...');
```

**Note:** This method should never be used in production

## Running example

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
$ npm install
```

### 2. Start packager

Because of the way example project is set up (custom packager arguments), you'll
have to start it explicitly before any other command

```bash
$ cd ./example && npm start
```

### 3. Run it on iOS / Android

```bash
$ cd ./example && npm run ios
$ cd ./examples && npm run android
```

### Credits

Some of the API explanations where borrowed from Facebook SDK documentation.
